December 10, 95 is one of the most remarkable in the history of the saints
especially in the history of giovani then village team shirt 10
belmiro
after losing the first game in the maracanã by 4 to 1 the fish had to
to return the score winning the Fluminense by a difference of three goals
with the packed pacaembu things started to work out for the santistas
in the 25th minute when geovane opened the scoring when he made investments
5 minutes later the same geovane extended to the Saints was only too long for the
fish in the final
the first half ended neither the coach technician decided not to take his
players to the locker room
be with the crowd
fundamental
It worked well for the 5 minutes of the second time macêdo made saints 3 to 0 in pacaembu
came down
huh
but two minutes after this goal
rogerinho posted fluminense in finals
camanducaia scored the fourth goal in 17 minutes
only 20 minutes later marcelo steps accepted this kick to set the
ranking
the Fluminense would still make the second with the same rogério
but the difference of three goals by his side the presence of the saints digiovanni
in the finals of the Brazilians of 95 simply unforgettable
I expected more
is the left side was expected
in her
it's just that after the Saints game and by the botafogo in the final what was spent
fado by referee marcio rezende de freitas who validated a goal from the
the stove had nothing to do with it after the
range the palm trees